I wrote this code in the order of the methods in TicTacToe.cpp and ran into problems immediately when trying to populate the squares of my board. This was a problem most people seemed to be having because we were all calling make from the terminal though, and wasn't difficult to figure out once the application window was actualy launching. The actionForEmptyHolder method only required a Bit for the correct player to be created and placed in the corresponding holder on the board.
stopGame destroyed the bits in each square with a nested loop, and ownerAt found which player owned a bit on the board depending on the index of the holder.
I had the most trouble wih checkForWinner, mostly because I couldn't think of a clean way to write it. What I have now is the best I could come up with, although I realized it could be much shorter and cleaner when we did the negamaxing actviity in class.
Mine's so ugly that I couldn't figure out why it wasn't working for a long time, and then realized it was cause I was missing a paranthesis in my if-statement checking the next two squares in a winning triple, so it was returning true on incorrect combinations.
checkForDraw was also not difficult, I would just check if there was a winner first and then loop through my board to see if any squares were empty.
stateString was similar to other methods in that I just had to loop through and look at every square in my board to then assign it a value in my stateString.
I was hoping I would be able to turn this in with negamaxing for the AI, but I wasn't able to get it working, so the updateAI method just fills the next empty space instead.
After failing to figure out negamaxing, I just added a button to activate the simple game AI. 
I think the initial assignment snowballed really well after I was able to get the board set up, but I feel like I hit another roadblock with the AI. The terrible highs and lows of computer programming!
